---
title: 2025/04/22
layout: layouts/base.njk
---
## Today is 2025-04-22

I don't know why I made this, I just created this for fun. I wanted to express ideas and maybe
some advanced human 2000 years latters reads this. Hahahah, imagine that 
would be pretty funny. Also I like to mention that I don't want this to have 
any AI generated content in it. I want it to be a Human talknig to a Human. Or 
probably in your era we lookes like some old apes. You know what, I am trying this 
repo called eleventy [11ty](https://www.11ty.dev/). It looked pretty simple and I liked it.
You know imagine will it even exits after 20, 100?, 1000 years? I don't think so. But who knows 
ancient egyptins wrote things on heirogliphs and after 2000 or 4000 years we read them. 
I find it kind of fun and insane. Also I have to mention probably I will have so many mistakes 
ans spelling error when I write. The thing is, I don't want to go and correct them. I want 
to keep this as humanly as possible. I mean I can just send it to AI and it will proabaly 
correct it perfeclty.

What about colors you may ask? Why does this website not have nice colors. Idnk, I just like as simple
as clean as possbile. I want it to be relevent even after 2000 years. Probably writting won't
even be a thing anymore. Hahahahaah, imagine I become famouse after 2000 years, hahahaha that.
would be pertty funny, not gonna lie. UUUU, you know what lest's try some code snippet.
I mean I am a programmer and I like to see how my code looks colurful. Lest do some `javascirpt`.

``` javascript
console.log("Hello World!") # cold not find a more lame example honesly :))
```

O well prety Lame! I don't even get any colors. I mean I can alwyas add extension and make 
it more colorful and nice. But You know I like this as it is.
Wait I was thinking. In 2000 years would you poeple understand what :) means. What about -__- ?
Hahahahah.

Wait a sec. I can also do latex, right?. Let me try it. Let me thing is there some formula I like. 
Oh yes:
$$ e^{i π }=-1$$
I am joking this is what I like the most:
$$ f(\vec{x}+\vec{y}) = f(\vec{x})+f(\vec{y}) $$
$$ f(a\vec{y})=af(\vec{y})$$

Note the formula above is not complete cause you neet to define what vector filed
are you using and so one. I just like the definition of linearity there.
Lineary it's so beautifull to me cause it makes every computatino and understading more easy.
Honesly I just think I love matrices.

Well did I want to talk somthing more specific on how my life was going but you know. I think
I talked enough today. Thank you for reading. Hahahah. I wanted to talk somethig about how 
we human being are very intersesting species. But not today. I honesly spent so much time
trying to fix math equations and havintg some syntax highlighting for the code.
Bye, Bye! See you another day when I have more time! :)))

I wanted to add one more thing I had to add all this configs Hahahah:
``` javascript
import syntaxHighlight from "@11ty/eleventy-plugin-syntaxhighlight";
import mathjaxPlugin from "eleventy-plugin-mathjax";


export default function (eleventyConfig) {
  eleventyConfig.addPlugin(syntaxHighlight);
  eleventyConfig.addPlugin(mathjaxPlugin);
  eleventyConfig.addPassthroughCopy("posts/assets/**/**/*");
  return {
    dir: {
      input: "posts",
      output: "dist",
      includes: "_includes"
    }
  };
}
```
Honesly just wated to try the syntax highlighting.
Well I am using someone eles plugins so I hope they are safe. Now 
I have to go do my homework!
