---
title: 2025/05/04
layout: layouts/base.njk
---
## Today is 2025-05-04

Days move by so fast. It is crazy. All I see is I wake up I do I sleep. No purpose, no goal, no parterns, you and the tall mounting to clib.
When you are with other people you forget, but when you stay alone for a long time you realize.
God is such a pitiful creature, but we are more.
Why I am here, I don't know. 

You now, I can feel my mental illness creaping into me. My ability to do things all day just to keep my mind busy from thinking its crazy.
There is no rest for a men like me in this world. Only internal suffering. You know people fight to achive things and then they feel happy
they achived something. I am not the same as them. I don't fight to achive, I fight not to be enveloped my darkness. The darkness of being week
, the darkness of not being a man, the darknes of regret. Once the demons start following you they wont stop, once you realize how a pitiful 
creature god is, you will be followed, not to death, beyond it. Death is a gift you don't deserve.
A mountain taller then life. Once you are half way, you ant going back. Demons wait you down there. The demons of pride, greed, wrath, envy, lust,
gluttony, sloth. They wait for one of the rocks to break. They wait for you fall. They wait for you to thumble.

But, you know what you do. You stand strong! You look them staright into their eyes. Then you look up starght into the ones eyes.  
You internelly scream withtout flinching you eyeys `throw watever you want at me, but I am coming for you!`.

